
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  
        Is the structure you give with tags to a HTML file so the web can understand the meaning of the text.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To create a canvas of the items you're going to put on a site.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        We put it inside a tag or class.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It's usually refer to titles, should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        Our navbar and logo. 
    7. What is an id? 
        Is a unique tag that will overide or have highest priorities other styles.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        inside the tags.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        you should only use it once
    10. What is a class? 
        It has values for styling       
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        you can do a variaty of thing related to stlye and animation.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        What will appear in the image while I hove over or when it has not loaded. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        You create one with a "#" and call it with id="name of id"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section can have multiple divs, a section divides section and div devide elements on each section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        For styling and/or animation
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        We just put on the CSS "h2 { values for the styling}"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class can be use multiple tiems and an ID should be use once and will overide the class.
            <div class= "blue" id="red"></div>
        The div will be red.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        We iniciate them with a "." then the name of the class example; .thisIsClass {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        We can do .human p {} or P .human {} depensind in the tag inheritance.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Depending of the tag structure you will want to select different styles for different childs.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar li {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Specifies a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: ;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: ;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transformation: uppercase; 
        text-transformation: lowercase; 
        text-transformation: capitalize; 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style: dotted;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, becuase won't give you the safe card, will completely erase
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to have a better organization of your file and can go back to review or use a previous versions
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 to 30 min 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        push -u origin "name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork, clone, cd to project, git checkout -b 'Ana-Rosa-Lerma', code . , change and save, git add ., git commit -m "mussage", git push -u origin branch-name

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 